# 🔲 Background

In the process of the transformation of the mobile Internet to the decentralized Internet, the global mobility convenience of users and players is undergoing unprecedented rapid changes. The mission of decentralizing the Internet is to more easily communicate with users around the world, spread the views and contents that users see, think, and do to the whole region more conveniently, and users can obtain the material and spiritual incentives that their behaviors should obtain in their behaviors.

Looking back at the birth of the Internet, the web1 era around the millennium has produced several landmark companies. These companies have initially connected users with the power of the Internet, and these companies have also obtained outstanding growth and rich financial rewards in the process of connecting users. If we focus on the Internet video field, the famous companies in the field include Youtube in Silicon Valley, Youku video in China and so on. In the 2010s ten years later, the Internet entered the web2 era, namely, the mobile Internet era. In this era, users are not satisfied with the need to access video on fixed terminals ( e.g. computers, etc. ), but want to make it easier to access video on mobile terminals to meet their entertainment and life needs in daily fragmented times. Furthermore, web2 gives more users the right to create, **UGC gradually replaced the dominant position of PGC** in the web1 era, some users as video or live broadcast providers have received extensive remuneration and benefits. Based on this concept, China ' s web2 video providers have shaken up and created giants such as Tiktok and Kwai.

In 2020, a wave of web3 revolutions hit, so can the technical path specified in the path of historical repetition be repeated ? The answer is yes. From the user ' s behavior income.

1. In the era of web1, users are only providers of consumption and cannot become beneficiaries of consumption. In other words, users only pay to video providers unilaterally without any channel for their behavior feedback. The video provider not only gets the user ' s fees, but also gets the user ' s traffic and intercepts the traffic value, so the video provider ' s revenue is doubled.
2. In the web2 era, the further shortening of the time content of the video has led to the reduction of the creation threshold of ordinary users. Some video providers keenly capture this trend and incorporate user creation into the block, so that creative users can share the reward benefits of the audience. However, the flow value of users is still intercepted by the platform, which leads to an increase in the valuation of the platform. In terms of the global mobility of users, video service providers in the era of web1 and web2 are more inclined to serve domestic users ( for example, China has firewalls ), which leads to a certain cultural gap. Most of the revenue that video creators can earn is limited to the contributions of domestic users due to currency circulation and other reasons.

These problems, web3 for Internet users provides a complete solution path, **MetaVision is a web3 system is enlightened and incubation platform.** Believe that in the web1 and web2 human walk through the road, web3 will have decentralised video platform once again involved and evolved into a life tool with global patency. People need to eat, drink water and entertain. **MetaVision is committed to giving users innovative video entertainment experience in the web3 environment.**
